Unreal Engine plugin documentation update (#11625)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/unreal/configuration/options.mdx

</ConfigKey>

<ConfigKey name="automatic-breadcrumbs">

> Configures whether to automatically add breadcrumbs on in-game events (i.e. when game map loaded or session ID changed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configures whether to automatically add breadcrumbs on in-game events (i.e. when a game map is loaded or session ID is changed).
```

</ConfigKey>

<ConfigKey name="automatic-breadcrumbs-for-logs">

> Configures whether to automatically add breadcrumbs for log messages with certain verbosity level (i.e. `Fatal`, `Error`, `Warning`, `Log` and `Verbose`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configures whether to automatically add breadcrumbs for log messages with certain keywords (i.e. `Fatal`, `Error`, `Warning`, `Log` and `Verbose`).
```

Takes a screenshot of the application when an error happens and includes it as an attachment.
Learn more about enriching events with screenshots in our <PlatformLink to="/enriching-events/screenshots/">Screenshots documentation</PlatformLink>.

<Alert level="info">

> The Unreal Engine SDK currently supports screenshot attachment for crash events only on Windows/Linux.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Unreal Engine SDK support for screenshot attachment on crash events is limited to Windows and Linux only.
```

> The Unreal Engine SDK support for screenshot attachment on crash events is limited to Windows and Linux.

Reviewer 3: Is it the Unreal Engine SDK as in, provided by Epic?
Or are we talking about the Sentry SDK for Unreal Engine? 
I think either way we could just say:

```suggestion
The support for screenshot attachment on crash events is limited to Windows and Linux.
```

We could add a link to:
* https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/issues/567

But tbqh screenshot on mobile is supported by the underlying SDK so should be a matter of passing the flag down:

https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/issues/567#issuecomment-2440085247

Author: Thanks, I'll revisit the screenshot attachments feature for Android/Apple. Last time I've checked things didn't seem to work out of the box for Unreal on mobile but maybe something has changed since then.

> The Unreal Engine SDK support for screenshot attachment on crash events is limited to Windows and Linux only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Unreal Engine SDK support for screenshot attachment on crash events is limited to Windows and Linux.
```

By the time <PlatformIdentifier name="before-send" /> is executed, all scope data has already been applied to the event. Further modification of the scope won't have any effect.

</ConfigKey>

## Tracing Options

<ConfigKey name="traces-sample-rate">

A number between 0 and 1, controlling the percentage chance a given transaction will be sent to Sentry. (0 represents 0% while 1 represents 100%.) Applies equally to all transactions created in the app. Either this or <PlatformIdentifier name="traces-sampler" /> must be defined to enable tracing.

</ConfigKey>

<ConfigKey name="traces-sampler">

A function responsible for determining the percentage chance a given transaction will be sent to Sentry. It will automatically be passed information about the transaction and the context in which it's being created, and must return a number between `0` (0% chance of being sent) and `1` (100% chance of being sent). Can also be used for filtering transactions, by returning 0 for those that are unwanted. Either this or <PlatformIdentifier name="traces-sample-rate" /> must be defined to enable tracing.

<Alert level="info">

> The Unreal Engine SDK doesn't currently support sampling functions on Windows/Linux (<PlatformIdentifier name="traces-sampler" />).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Currently, there is no support for sampling functions on Windows or Linux (<PlatformIdentifier name="traces-sampler" />).
```

By the time <PlatformIdentifier name="before-send" /> is executed, all scope data has already been applied to the event. Further modification of the scope won't have any effect.

</ConfigKey>

## Tracing Options

> <ConfigKey name="enable-tracing">
> 
> A boolean value, if true, transactions and trace data will be generated and captured. This will set the `traces-sample-rate` to the recommended default of 1.0 if `traces-sample-rate` is not defined. Note that `traces-sample-rate` and `traces-sampler` take precedence over this option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
The key is going to get marked as `deprecated`.
